tonight's top story another twist in the
mystery surrounding the giraffe that
died after arriving at the Tulsa Zoo
with a crooked neck another giraffe dies
after suffering a broken neck this time
it happened at x 44 in springfield
missouri but both giraffes share a
common link news on 6 reporter Ashley
Simms has the new developments allies
neck was broken but this video shows her
will was not she survived for weeks
after her trip from Ohio before dying
from complications with her injury six
months later a strikingly similar
picture this time out of a zoo in
Springfield Missouri this giraffe also
traveled a long way suffered a broken
neck and had to be put down two
different animals that were two
different ages delivered to two
different places but the company that
transported both of them is the same
Safari enterprises I'm a lawyer and it
makes me suspicious but also to be fair
we should not make any conclusions until
we get more facts Rick Westcott called
for the zoo to look into taking legal
action against the transport company
when a Molly died now he's keeping a
close eye on what's going on in Missouri
zoo officials there say they don't know
when they're giraffe asante was injured
their website says the giraffe had
difficulty unloading from the trailer
fell to the ground and was unable to
stand tulsa zoo officials have
previously said they noticed a Molly's
neck injury immediately and she walked
off the trailer fine it could be
completely different but the same
transporter with two broken necks and
within six months of each other it
raises suspicions a spokesperson for the
Tulsa Zoo called the situation tragic
and says her heart goes out to the staff
at that Missouri zoo as far as the
transport company goes she says the
Tulsa Zoo is in a holding pattern the
holdup is the Department of Agriculture
it's investigating a Molly's death and
the transport company Safari enterprises
zoo officials say they can't take any
action until they get the results of
that investigation we still need to find
out what happened we don't know any more
today than we did six months ago I spoke
with the owner of Safari enterprises
Larry Johnson late tonight he says the
Missouri giraffe was a perfect passenger
and he believes the animal
itself when it fell exiting the trailer
he says safari enterprises has
transported 500 to 600 giraffes and
ninety-nine percent of them arrived
happy and healthy and helps that's what
people will focus on Ashley Sims the
news on 6 tonight